{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 NOTICE: SpruceSSL will install SIMBL, (if not already installed) found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.culater.net/software/SIMBL/SIMBL.php"}}{\fldrslt http://www.culater.net/software/SIMBL/SIMBL.php}} under the GPL Licenses, to insert SpruceSSL into your browser.
\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 SpruceSSL is a open source plugin for many webkit based browsers that allows users to force websites to go through the SSL protocol (HTTPS) using a blacklist and a whitelist to protect you against the possibility of your accounts/information getting stolen. With the ability to also force cookies to be secure only (Meaning you can not access it out side of https), you can be sure your accounts/information will not get leaked with the whitelisted sites. Using SpruceSSL can help you protect against sslstrip and FireSheep.
\fs32 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 Installation\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 To install SpruceSSL, quit Safari and follow through the steps in the installer. After installed, launch Safari and you are done.
\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\fs32 \cf0 How to use
\fs26 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 SpruceSSL adds a menu in the Safari menu named "SpruceSSL Preferences" which brings up the interface to SpruceSSL. In the interface you can add or remove things from the whitelist or blacklist, or have SpruceSSL secure you more by forcing cookies to be secure on the websites that are whitelisted. SpruceSSL comes with a default whitelist and blacklist that should get you started in your journey to be more secure.
\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\fs32 \cf0 Open Source
\fs26 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 SpruceSSL is open source at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://opensource.mrgeckosmedia.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://opensource.mrgeckosmedia.com/}}, please feel free to help out with the development of it.
\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\fs34 \cf0 Donations
\fs26 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 I accept donations with paypal at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SA4DEZGVJSNAL"}}{\fldrslt https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=SA4DEZGVJSNAL}}.}